reserved keyword: struct
Identifier : myStructA
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : itemA
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: string
Identifier : itemB
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: struct
Identifier : myStructB
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : itemC
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
Identifier : myStructA
Identifier : itemD
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: class
Identifier : someClass
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : b
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
reserved keyword: matrix
Identifier : M
Special symbols:	[
constant: 2
Special symbols:	]
Special symbols:	[
constant: 3
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : foo
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : myStructA
Identifier : Hey
Punctuation : ,
datatype: string
Identifier : hey
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
reserved keyword: graph
Identifier : G
Special symbols:	[
constant: 10
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : G
Special symbols:	=
Special symbols:	{
constant: 2
Punctuation : :
constant: 4
Punctuation : ,
constant: 5
Punctuation : ;
constant: 3
Punctuation : :
constant: 1
Punctuation : ;
constant: 3
Punctuation : :
constant: 2
Punctuation : ,
constant: 4
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : M
Special symbols:	=
Special symbols:	[
Special symbols:	[
constant: 1
Punctuation : ,
constant: 3
Punctuation : ,
constant: 4
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	[
constant: 1
Punctuation : ,
constant: 4
Punctuation : ,
constant: 5
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : Hey
Special symbols: ->
Identifier : itemB
Special symbols:	=
Identifier : hey
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : k
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : boo
Special symbols:	(
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : k
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: class
Identifier : myClass
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : cItemA
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
Identifier : myStructB
Identifier : cItemB
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
Identifier : someClass
Identifier : cItemC
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : foo
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : myStructA
Identifier : Hey
Punctuation : ,
datatype: string
Identifier : hey
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : Hey
Special symbols: ->
Identifier : itemB
Special symbols:	=
Identifier : hey
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : k
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : boo
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : myStructB
Identifier : yo
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : cItemB
Special symbols:	=
Identifier : yo
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: return
Identifier : yo
Special symbols: ->
Identifier : itemC
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : myFunc
Special symbols:	(
datatype: int
Identifier : abc
Punctuation : ,
datatype: int
Identifier : k
Punctuation : ,
datatype: string
Identifier : str
Punctuation : ,
datatype: char
Identifier : c
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
Identifier : myStructB
Identifier : myObj
Punctuation : ;
comment: !! expr myObj = cItemB; !!
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : cItemB
Special symbols: ->
Identifier : itemD
Special symbols: ->
Identifier : itemA
Special symbols:	=
constant: 10
Punctuation : ;
comment: !! expr cItemB->itemD->itemA = 10; !!
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : abc
Special symbols:	=
constant: 10
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : str
Special symbols:	=
constant: "c"
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : c
Special symbols:	=
constant: 'c'
Punctuation : ;
Identifier : label3
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : c
Special symbols:	=
constant: 'l'
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ,
Identifier : b
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : a
Special symbols:	=
constant: 10
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: switch
Special symbols:	(
operator: add
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ,
Identifier : b
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: case
constant: 1
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: case
constant: 2
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: switch
Special symbols:	(
operator: add
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ,
Identifier : b
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: case
constant: 1
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: case
constant: 2
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: case
constant: 3
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: default
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: case
constant: 3
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: default
Punctuation : :
Special symbols:	{
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
Special symbols:	}
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : main
Special symbols:	(
datatype: int
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ,
Identifier : myClass
Identifier : obj
Punctuation : ,
datatype: float
Identifier : b
Punctuation : ,
datatype: char
Identifier : c
Punctuation : ,
datatype: string
Identifier : str
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : arr
Special symbols:	[
constant: 3
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : arr
Special symbols:	=
Special symbols:	[
constant: 1
Punctuation : ,
constant: 2
Punctuation : ,
constant: 3
Special symbols:	]
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
datatype: int
Identifier : main
Special symbols:	(
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: declr
datatype: int
Identifier : a
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : a
Special symbols:	=
constant: 10
Punctuation : ;
reserved keyword: return
constant: 10
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
reserved keyword: vect
Special symbols:	<
Identifier : myStruct
Special symbols:	>
Identifier : matr_add
Special symbols:	(
reserved keyword: matrix
Identifier : A
Punctuation : ,
reserved keyword: matrix
Identifier : B
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: return
reserved keyword: add_matx
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : A
Punctuation : ,
Identifier : B
Special symbols:	)
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
reserved keyword: vect
Special symbols:	<
Identifier : M
Special symbols:	>
Identifier : boo
Special symbols:	(
datatype: int
Identifier : num
Punctuation : ,
datatype: float
Identifier : nums
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: return
operator: mul
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : num
Punctuation : ,
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : num
reserved keyword: gt
constant: 10
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	)
Punctuation : ;
Special symbols:	}
reserved keyword: func
reserved keyword: vect
Special symbols:	<
datatype: int
Special symbols:	>
Identifier : foo
Special symbols:	(
datatype: int
Identifier : p
Punctuation : ,
datatype: int
Identifier : q
Special symbols:	)
Special symbols:	{
reserved keyword: expr
Identifier : a
Special symbols:	=
operator: add
Special symbols:	(
Identifier : sItem1
Punctuation : ,
